# Fitness-Studio-System
This project “Fitness Studio System” is solution fitness centers to manage the customers in an easier and more convenient way. The administrator, is able to view all the members of fitness center as well as their details. The basic structure of the system as follows. This project is a computer-based program and it manages the gym members, the personal and the inventory. This system also maintains the client details, to provide the valuable reports regarding the progress of the gym member.
The “Fitness Studio System” will be having a user-friendly Interface for porting of data to server. Operations such as adding, removing, searching customers, suppliers and employees can be done efficiently and effectively by system. The system will be providing the facility to pull the data from the server using a key (such as id) and get the desired report. The proposed system provides the no replication of data.
The purpose or objective of this system is to digitalize and create an automated system. The system will perform the task like adding the new member to the gym, removing the member or keeping the payments records and other stuff required in managing the gym properly.
The present scenario in the gyms is that the records are kept by writing in a file on the paper. Every management task is done manually. This creates a system unreliable and confusing to keep the correct track of the records.The maintenance of the system like this is hardly required until it needs to change any part of the system. The information about the various things contained in the system are like members, trainers, equipment can get by just a few clicks unlike the paper documents required the serious reading for such information.
